docs(serverless): fix grammar and formatting in containers FAQ (#1877)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/serverless-containers.mdx

Refer to our dedicated page about [Serverless Containers limitations and configuration restrictions](/serverless/containers/reference-content/containers-limitations/) for more information.

## Can I whitelist the IPs of my containers?

Some services need to filter IPs, for example databases. Serverless Containers do not support Virtual Private Networks yet, but you can use the Scaleway IP ranges defined [here](http://as12876.net/).

## How can I deploy my Containers?

> There are several ways to deploy containers, [this page](/serverless/containers/reference-content/deploy-container/) should help you decide which is right for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to deploy containers, [this page](/serverless/containers/reference-content/deploy-container/) should help you decide which method is right for you.
```

## Which protocols are supported by Serverless Containers?

> Serverless Containers by default uses the **http1** protocol but some services (ex: gRPC) support only http2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Containers use the **http1** protocol by default, but some services (e.g., gRPC) only support http2.
```

Protocol switching is currently not available in the console but can be changed by using:

* [CLI (doc)](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli/blob/master/docs/commands/container.md#update-an-existing-container)
* [API (doc)](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/serverless-containers/)

## Why does my gRPC container not respond?

> The gRPC protocol requires http2 to work and by default contaienrs use http1. You can upgrade the protocol to http2 (`h2c`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containers use http1 by default, yet the gRPC protocol requires http2. You can upgrade the protocol to http2 (`h2c`).
```
